Examples to address setting up secrets provider (#25)
pulumi/automation-api-examples: go/inline_secrets_provider/README.md

# Inline Program

> This program demonstrates how use Automation API with an `inline` Pulumi program and custom secrets provider. This examples build on the basic example in `inline_program`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This program demonstrates how to use Automation API with an `inline` Pulumi program and custom secrets provider. This example builds on the basic example in `inline_program`
```
